yo what's going on what's up Jordan is
it my intro what the fuck was that he's
just a guy goes with shit guys but we're
gonna do it would you rob with my
brother hi why do you always have to do
that would you rather kill yourself to
know what I'm gonna read out because you
break down at fun times looking for
giving me the same shit would you roll
put a finger up a man's bum or getting a
man's finger up your bum all right I'm
going I'm do it up someone's bomb I'm
put it inside his bum you're about my
bum anyone spoke to my bum why because
my bomber has to say sacred haven't you
ever and a girl just you are doing shit
would you ever kiss you to blow or marry
each other gay together ok
hypothetically if we're married doesn't
mean have to do anything we can ask girl
where I just make videos you can just
make videos together I'm not doing Susan
Boyle ok another that's a fucking sad
left your fucking back we just to make
your videos your partner would you ever
have no Nando's or YouTube Nando's his
life well I would fuck I wanna love you
too I love you if I'd fuck you guys want
my Nando's you're bored would you rather
have no penis or five Tina's five four
five different women imagine weapon I
fast the best arrested would you rather
know one short at your wedding or no
Michelle put your funeral I'd rather no
one show my funeral this is I'm actually
take this seriously because you don't
actually know that they're not they're
no kin deep mines you don't know they're
not there yeah so you wouldn't really
care cuz you're dead you are that they
can make your video
in heaven exactly if you're--if know
each other their wedding that shit's
gonna be with you for the rest of your
lives that you are a loser yeah and no
imagine a photo shoot hey bitch hey
yourself echoing around the room yeah
move that way to the photographer move
that way to your wife she's the only
person there she did what they can make
big job would you rather take 1 million
dollars right now and quit YouTube or
continue to entertain your friends oh
that's oh I wanna make you my buddy egg
hi I'm kind of taking the money take
everybody to butcher although unlimited
love or unlimited money unlimited love
ya max your family let's go ask everyone
around you as important it's important
is you guys and gal unlimited love i
love you virtually the girl as well he
all of the girls watching a little girls
too if you're watching you're a girl i'm
in down the scripture down below and
tell me lamba and send me a photo trust
you to say something haha send me a
photo why 14 plus ya could never ever i
can never ever put you on my channel
again you always do this all the time so
yeah basically fuck yeah I told them in
your call the video